[gh-pages] remove build-index.sh (#698)
NVIDIA/k8s-device-plugin: README.md

# NVIDIA device plugin for Kubernetes

> gh-pages branch

This branch is automatically updated by GitHub actions.

> To manually update, please use the script located at `main`

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
To manually update, please use the scriptd located  on the `main` or `release-*` branches.
```

Author: done

Example:

```bash
VERSION=v0.15.0
DOWNLOAD_URL=<github release assets url>

> ./hack/update-helm-index.yaml $DOWNLOAD_URL

Reviewer: Should this refer to a shell script?

Also, I would recommend being able to also trigger this for local artifacts so that we can release this if github fails. Maybe that's a comment for #691

Author: Yeah, your comment makes total sense, I will modify the `update-helm-index.sh`

Author: `update-helm-index.sh` has been modified

> ./hack/update-helm-index.yaml $DOWNLOAD_URL

Reviewer: From RELEASE.md:
```
- If the `Publish Helm Chart` GitHub Action fails:
    - Check the logs for the error.
    - Update the Helm package index on the `gh-pages` branch by running:
      ```
      ./hack/update-helm-index.sh --version {{ .VERSION }}
      ```
      (this pulls the packages from the release created in the previous step)
    - Push the change to the `gh-pages` branch:
      ```
      git -C releases/{{ .VERSION }} remote set-url origin git@github.com:NVIDIA/k8s-device-plugin.git
      git -C releases/{{ .VERSION }} push origin gh-pages
      ```
```

Author: fixed now

# NVIDIA device plugin for Kubernetes

> > gh-pages branch
> This branch is automatically updated by GitHub actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gh-pages` branch is automatically updated by GitHub actions.
```

> To manually update, please use the scriptd located  on the `main` or `release-*` branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually update the Helm package repository use the scripts on the `main` or `release-*` branches.
```

Example:

```bash
VERSION=v0.15.0
DOWNLOAD_URL=<github release assets url>
# Update the Helm package index on the `gh-pages`
./hack/update-helm-index.sh --version {{ .VERSION }}
#Push the change to the `gh-pages` branch
git -C releases/{{ .VERSION }} remote set-url origin git@github.com:NVIDIA/k8s-device-plugin.git
git -C releases/{{ .VERSION }} push origin gh-pages

> ```

Reviewer: Should we just reference `RELEASE.md` instead?

Author: How about now?
